Merge policy and UCN (#1456)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/network-partitioning/pages/split-brain-recovery.adoc

NOTE: Please have in mind that `existingValue` can be `null`.
This happens when a data structure or key-based entry was just created in the smaller cluster.

> NOTE: You can use your custom resource for the merge policy class through the User Code Namespace feature.
> For more details, refer to the xref:clusters:user-code-namespaces.adoc[User Code Namespaces]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Custom merge policy classes must be present on the classpath of all member nodes. This can be achieved
by updating the classpath for each node manually, or by using the {ucn} feature. See xref:clusters:user-code-namespaces.adoc[User Code Namespaces] for more information.
```

Just to add some additional context so it's super clear for the end user 👍 I'll let @Rob-Hazelcast decide if these should be separate `NOTE:` boxes or not 😄

Reviewer 2: Looks good, thanks!

See SplitBrainMergingTypes for supported merging types.
```

=== User Code Namespace

You can use your custom resource for the merge policy class through the User Code Namespace feature.
For more details, refer to the xref:clusters:user-code-namespaces.adoc[User Code Namespaces]

> 

Reviewer: I think the mentioning of UCN can be done under the [Custom Merge Policies](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.5/network-partitioning/split-brain-recovery#custom-merge-policies) section, what do you think?

Reviewer 3: +1

Author: But it’s already placed under the Custom Merge Policies section, as a subsection. Do you want me to move it directly under Custom Merge Policies header? Personally, I feel it’s not a major feature and might not need to be at the beginning.

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense near the start - if the customer wants to use a custom merge policy, that class needs to be on the classpath; this can be achieved by manually adding it to the classpath (probably worth mentioning), or by using the UCN feature. This is pretty much step 1 for using a custom merge policy.

Perhaps it could be a `NOTE` or similar under the main header, it probably doesn't need a dedicated subsection.

Reviewer 2: Sounds sensible to me. There's already a note box there and it's best not to overload things, so maybe just a sentence or two around the start of this section explaining those two options.
